so yeah like FPS it's uh what can I say
there's nothing like the rush of hunting
people down and killing them I mean my
heart's beatin my heart's beatin my
hands are shaking
my hands are shaking I'm the king of the
ring when I'm in the arena
cuz I'm beating everybody like when I
meet Tina I can throw down with the
campus mentality the class wouldn't stop
stir your whole camps reality sticky
bombs flying all over the place
if I find your body you know I'm hoping
your face Guf walking with my heavy
machine gun the words on your screen you
were killed by z1 yeah come and run my
direction I don't give a damn you got
double protection it's a fatal
attraction I'm going fatality place
quite you're not Red Faction post it on
the rocks I tried one hand your
foreheads in sight all according to plan
read wrong homie and if I can cock
everybody in the rooms gonna hear what I
got
Oh
dr. Roger every girl comments on the
pepper girl sensor service you beware
and you should be afraid of us sachet in
the sights on my level so big the little
rabbit for your head explode making the
show on the road
see the victims either better watch
where you go whichever I can shut up
better pack your burn name if you step
in to us I practically toe with the
prodigy on piling up I take a real sick
pleasure and a watching them fall back
at the grenades on a free-for-all I've
got to whip out my sickness get my
opinions I'm up to the top and start
stopping at your best friend okay 10 men
to stop me here I'm coming in the battle
mode I keep on running and gunning
zealots it'd be fair about it be scared
oh nine three Trump's in the line wait
I'll go on mo but I still got my Manny
to reach a high level for up to big
effective killing off frozen noobs
non-selective to die damn hey I'm ready
to go
sticky bombs in my hand pop tops and
throw y'all my railgun tracking everyone
in my sector know I'm in decision let me
give
the coordinates match with the blips on
my map worth to that okay let's set up
this track set a new gen to be liable
gray matter will spider ball according
to fate here this don't look like they
found my land guys it's all good now I
got my Snipes I slide this is easy like
aiming a Tyra Banks shot so active in
the ticket yeah be zealous one turn
around
whoops too late